this is the California black exclusive
it is a $10 scratcher help when you
lottery so let's see Matt Chania my
numbers to any of the six winning
numbers when that price uncovered ten
times similar to unlikely win ten times
yep blah blah same thing 20 times and 20
times that prize I'll cover win to win
all the prizes okay
check out the winning numbers eight
twenty to thirty eight nine thirty nine
forty three thirty seven 547
3800 one I'm at five bucks so top down
this so far
38 and 38 so I'll keep on going 29:36
before eight before I think there's my
one price for every one of em be one
excuse me $55 33:26
21800 five so five so this is free 41
nups 28 28 38 38 pretty cool so
basically this was free what up
thanks for watching keep on playing